Clarify the Identify device-mode functioning (#3520)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/hubspot/index.md

```

> info ""

> > HubSpot's device-mode integration has two conditions for Identify to create or update a contact. Identify calls must include a `traits.email` value and need to go with a Page or Track call (after the Identify one). You can read more from HubSpot's documentation [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/tracking_code_api/identify_visitor){:target="_blank"}. If you are using HubSpot's cloud-mode integration, an Identify call will update records without the need for a Page or Track call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> HubSpot's device-mode integration has two conditions for Identify to create or update a contact: 1) Identify calls must include a `traits.email` value. 2) A Page or Track call must follow an Identify call. You can read more from [HubSpot's documentation](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/tracking_code_api/identify_visitor){:target="_blank"}. If you are using HubSpot's cloud-mode integration, an Identify call updates records without the need for a Page or Track call.
```
